UNR-3408 Automatically remove UE4Commandline.txt when the launcher session ended. (#2137)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: CHANGELOG.md

- Enabled RPC ring buffers by default. We'll remove the legacy RPC mode in a future release.
- Removed the `bPackRPCs` property and the `--OverrideRPCPacking` flag.
- Added `OnClientOwnershipGained` and `OnClientOwnershipLost` events on Actors and Actor Components. These events trigger when an Actor is added to or removed from the ownership hierarchy of a client's PlayerController.

> - Automaticly remove UE4CommandLine.txt when session ended on Android device if UnrealEngine Version >= 4.24

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automatically remove UE4CommandLine.txt after finishing a Launch on device session on an Android device (only UnrealEngine 4.24 or above). This is done to prevent the launch session command line from overriding the one built into the APK.
```
